DOMString -> string (#15976)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/paymentaddress/addressline/index.md

The **`addressLine`** read-only
property of the {{domxref('PaymentAddress')}} interface is an array of

> string objects, each specifying a line of the address that is not

Author: ```suggestion
strings, each specifying a line of the address that is not
```

## Value

> An array of string objects, each containing one line of the address.

Author: ```suggestion
An array of strings, each containing one line of the address.
```
